Versioning and extensions (#42)
frictionlessdata/datapackage: content/docs/specifications/data-package.md

#### Required Properties

##### `resources`

The `resources` property is `REQUIRED`, with at least one resource.

#### Recommended Properties

In addition to the required properties, the following properties `SHOULD` be included in every package descriptor:

> ##### `$schema`

Reviewer: Why `$schema` and not `schema`? And why is `profile` not re-used for this?

Author: So the idea here is to embrace the support that current editors already have for providing schemas:

> The $schema keyword in JSON files is used to specify the schema that the JSON document should adhere to. Many text editors and IDEs support JSON schema validation, but support for the $schema keyword specifically can vary.

For example, https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/json#_mapping-in-the-json (there is a screenshot in the first comment showing how it works in my NVIM)

If this idea won't work for us, then, of course, we need to stick to `profile` I think. But for me this `$schema` feels like really tempting as it seems to be almost de-facto standard

Author: And for JSON Schema itself, this `$schema` property is standard way to provide meta-schema (that I guess why people started using it on data).

Author: @peterdesmet 
Interestingly, that `$schema` property is already independently used in schema.data.gouv.fr (cc @johanricher ) - https://github.com/etalab/schema-irve/blob/v2.3.1/statique/schema-statique.json

A Data Package descriptor `SHOULD` have the `$schema` property that `MUST` be an URL with default value `https://datapackage.org/profiles/datapackage-1.0.json`.

> The `$schema` property is both used as a Data Package version identifier and the location of a [JSON Schema file](../glossary/#metadata-profile) against which this Data Package `MUST` be valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$schema` property is both used as a Data Package version identifier and the location of a [JSON Schema file](../glossary/#metadata-profile) against which this Data Package will be validated.
```

The `$schema` property `MUST`:

> - be exactly `https://datapackage.json/profiles/datapackage-X.Y.json` where `X` and `Y` are major and minor Data Package Standard versions OR

Reviewer: I can also see a case for `https://datapackage.json/profiles/X.Y/datapackage.json` That is how we do it for Camtrap DP and works nicer with GitHub versioning, where a version tag will be part of the URL: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tdwg/camtrap-dp/1.0/camtrap-dp-profile.json

In implementors, we have a function that retrieves the version from the URL: https://github.com/inbo/camtrapdp/blob/main/R/version.R

> - ends with `/EXTENSION-datapackage-X.Y.json` where `EXTENSION` is a name of an extension limited to the `[a-z0-9]` characters subset, and `X` and `Y` are major and minor extension versions.

Reviewer: I don't see why it is necessary to impose name and version restrictions here. The more important aspects are:

- URL is resolvable
- URL contains version information
- Extension MUST link to a version of datapackage.json
